# Micro Services Solution

## Infrastructure Solution

- Runs on `MonitorMe`, the system pull micro service programs from cloud, install them locally and permit use them to manipulate internal data without sharing privacy.

- Runs on `MyMedicalData` the cloud to provide an API to permit push the snapshot of patients data into the `MyMedicalData` system.

## MonitorMe Micro Services Solution

### Staff Management Service

This service permits management all the task relate with medical staff, profiles and permissions. It includes:

- Management staff users (CRUD).
- Management staff profiles (CRUD).
- Associate/Disassociate profiles to users.
- Management permissions (CRUD).
- Associate/Disassociate permissions to profiles.

### Patient Management Service

This service permits management the patients. It includes:

- Managment Patients (CRUD).
- Associate/Diassociate a patient to a `Vital Signal Node`.
- Associate/Diassociate a patient with a Medical people. It will use in the notifications.

### Vital Signal Data Ingest Service

This service ingests the data provided by the `Vital Signal Nodes`. It includes:

- Validation of data format received.
- Discard values reported outside of the normal ranges to avoid.
- Send the validated data to the `Vital Signal Store` service.

### Vital Signal Data Store Service

This service store data provided by the `Vital Signal Data Ingest Service`. It must include:

- Store the vital signal arrived by each patient in a database.
- When the data is received, it must delete the data related with this patient with more than 24 hours.

### Vital Signal Data Retrieve Service

This service permits obtain all the vital signal of a patiend. It includes:

- Validate the time range. Only it's permit retrieve the last 24 hours.
- Validate if the patient exists.

### Notifications Service

This service permit create notifications based in alerts generated by `MonitorMe`. It includes:

- Create notifications to send to the staff based in alerts found by the system.
- Send the notification to the cloud to send to the `Mobile App` based in the medical people associated with the patient.

## MyMedical Micro Services Solution

This section explains all the services related to run into the same system where runs `MyMedicalData`.

### Patient Snapshot Service

This service permit receive a patient snapshot of the vital signals to store into `MyMedicalData`. It includes:

- Validate if the patient exists in the system.
- Validate the structure data of the data received.